From the Service Operations Workspace homepage,
tasks assigned to your group are available under
Your Team's Work.
Use the "Catalog tasks assigned to your group" widget
to open a list of assigned work.
Selecting a task opens the record.
The task form includes all the information needed to complete the work,
including who the request is for
and the requested item or service.
The information submitted with the request is
populated directly onto the task form,
so everything needed to begin work is available in one place.
Attachments provided with the request are available in the activity stream,
along with any updates or communication related to the task.
The related Requested Item record can be opened in a new tab
if additional context is needed.
Tasks are assigned to individuals when work begins.
To take ownership of the task,
enter your name in the Assigned To field.
Then update the State to "Work in progress".
Then save your changes.
From here,
the task can be worked and updated through to completion.